32-hour video/EEG monitoring of wake and sleep in a child with seizure buying, requiring intermittent administration of DZP. The recording is dominated by persistent hemispheric asymmetry: LEFT activity with only minimal (amplitude) organization, no demonstrable occipital rhythm, numerous intermittent slowing more over the posterior quadrant, but no independent epileptiform activity in wake and sleep. On the RIGHT, with a predominance over the posterior quadrant (TPO), there is almost continuous polymorphic epileptiform activity of the character of slowing, spikes, irregular SW and polyspike complexes, which spreads inconstantly over the right anterior quadrant, but hardly propagates to the left. More often in the postictal period, short (1-2 sec.) episodes of pathological rhythmic activity from the beta band localized TPO to the right appear. They have the character of ictal patterns in spasms, but are completely without clinical correlate. Pharmacogenic beta after DZP administration was markedly lateralized to the left. Sleep over the right hemisphere was not organized at all and physiological transients were completely absent; discharges increased in frequency and amplitude compared to wakefulness. On the left there is a hint of sleep differentiation with very poor presence of spindles. Very numerous waking and sleeping seizures were recorded, focal tonic, without the possibility of specifying the child's state of consciousness. They begin with an unspecified aura (crying), continue with asymmetric tonic posturing indicating a right hemisphere onset, but with head and eyes turning slightly to the right, with trismus, vegetative manifestations, postictal left-sided hemiparesis. The ictal EEG is characterized by a preictal rhythmic pattern (accentuated epileptiform activity) of TPO on the right with subsequent envelopment transitioning to a frequency-varying rhythmic pattern involving most of the right hemisphere, with predominance over the posterior quadrant, with only minimal leftward propagation.