56-hour video/EEG monitoring of wakefulness and sleep without reduction of antiepileptic therapy. Baseline activity over the left hemisphere is slower and less organized due to age, but a reactive occipital rhythm and a hint of MU rhythm are present. The right occipital rhythm is absent, the central rhythm is only hinted at, the areal organization is minimal, only amplitude. There is a virtually continuous irregular deceleration over the TPO region of the right hemisphere, with a clear maximum below the el. O2, then P4, Pz and T6, only non-constantly spreading contralaterally. There are numerous, almost continuous bursts of sharp waves and spikes below el. O2, with non-constant spreading under el. T6, rarely also under el. P4, never generalize or propagate contralaterally. Sleep had a normal organization of stages in the EEG. In NREM (most in the shallower stages), epileptiform activity is accentuated, present above the TPO dx. region (but still maximum below el. O2). In REM, the frequency of discharges decreased significantly and focalized below el. O2. Numerous epileptic seizures exclusively from sleep were recorded. We classify them as focal, without disturbance of consciousness, unclassified. They are characterized by awakening, slightly frightened expression, slight curling of the eyes and inconstantly of the head to the right, change of breathing stereotype, only once also tremor and clenching movements of the fingers of the PHK (character of atypical automatisms). Ictal EEG is characterized by disappearance of epileptiform O activity on the right, non-constant short envelope more lateralized to the right, but here without obvious focality, then rhythmic recruitment activity from it - non-constantly it is first a very inconspicuous fast activity from the beta band, but more often a slow activity from about the theta band. Its amplitude maximum is most often right temporal, but it appears virtually all at once over the entire right hemisphere, or spreads rapidly right hemispherically. Postictal deceleration is then also widely present over the right hemisphere. Note: Video/EEG recording localizes the epileptogenic zone to the right occipitally, or to the TPO border