96-hour video/EEG monitoring of wakefulness and sleep with transient reduction of antiepileptic therapy. Baseline activity is generally slower relative to age, well differentiated and reactive on the right, with areal differentiation markedly impaired on the left by the presence of a higher irregular slowing to a delta band localized over a broad FCTP area, with a parietal maximum, and occasional contralateral spread. Within it, individual irregular sharp waves and spikes appear with a noticeable maximum below the el. P3, but with occasional occurrence below el. C3 and T3, rarely with spread over the whole left hemisphere, but without complete generalization. In sleep, both slow and epileptiform activity is diminished, only in shallower NREM do single low-voltage sharp waves and spikes appear dispersed over the wider FCTP region of the left hemisphere, never generalize, do not disrupt sleep organization, and completely disappear in deaf NREM and REM sleep. Overall, sleep has a normal organization of stages. One sleep seizure was recorded, according to the current classification, focal sensory, with disturbance of consciousness. It is preceded by aura with paresthesias of acral PHK and auditory sensation of tinnitus character. It continues with grimacing with tightening of the corners of the mouth, impaired consciousness, vegetative manifestations (flushing, tachycardia), dystonia and subsequent worse PHK mobility, late OAA, salivation with v.s. constriction of the throat muscles, postictal expressive fatal disorder. The ictal pattern follows the EEG pattern of atypical waking with slow rhythmic activity over virtually the entire left hemisphere. Approximately 30 sec. from this awakening, a low-impact rhythmic pattern at the borderline of beta and alpha appears first under the EEG. Fz, which after ca. 20 sec. transitions into a conspicuous higher rhythmic pattern from the beta band, which is already clearly lateralized to the left, over most of the hemisphere, but with a clear maximum below el. P3.