104-hour video/EEG monitoring of wakefulness and sleep with brief partial reduction of antiepileptic therapy. Baseline activity has a borderline frequency for age (alpha rhythm 8 Hz, MU rhythm 9 Hz), is well reactive, but areal differentiation is imperfect due to diffuse light admixture of slower waves. There are occasional episodes of rhythmic slowing frontally in the midline of the FIRTA pattern. Epileptiform activity at wakefulness was very poor, consisting of individual lower sharp waves rather than FC spikes in the midline, with a maximum below el. Cz, invariably more to the right.In sleep, epileptiform activity increased significantly, appearing low-voltage abnormal fast rhythmic activity clearly localized FC to the right, with a maximum below el. F4, then variously prominent sharp waves, spikes and SW complexes in the FC on the right and in the midline. Higher slow SW complexes are localized mainly below el. Cz. All without generalization, without disturbance of the temporal organization, which is completely preserved. Numerous epileptic seizures, overwhelmingly from sleep, have been recorded. They are uniform, focal tonic, without disturbance of consciousness. They are characterized by a rapid onset, short duration (up to 10-15 sec.) and a tendency to occur in a shopping spell. They are indicated by a v.s. sensory aura with a nonspecific sensation in all limbs followed by a "whole-body tugging sensation". We observe stiffening and slight hunching in weaker attacks, while in longer ones an asymmetric tonic spasm clearly lateralized to the left dominates, here with a maximum at the LHK (from the shoulder to the fingers). Vegetative symptoms (tachycardia). The boy is fully conscious, postictally without motor or fatal disturbances. In the EEG, the development of the seizure itself is preceded by a variably long and variably expressed preictal period characterized by a rapid rhythmic beta activity of the FC on the right - most under the el. F4 and then slow rhythmic SW complexes located more dorsally, with a maximum below el. Cz and propagating more to the left. However, they never generalize. The seizure itself is accompanied in the EEG by a diffuse amplitude envelope with FC recruitment more to the right, with a maximum in the midline (below el. Fz and Cz).