80-hour video/EEG monitoring of wakefulness and sleep with transient reduction of antiepileptic therapy. Baseline wakefulness activity is normal, intermittent slowing and relatively frequent epileptiform activity regionally frontal left - below the el. Fp1, Fz and F3. The highest amplitude and phase reversals are towards el. F3. Typical occurrence is in shorter episodes with a slow repetition rate of about 1 Hz. Sleep had a normal organization of stages in the EEG as well as the occurrence of physiological transients. With predominance in shallower NREM, epileptiform activity multiplied, being higher sharp waves and spikes still with a characteristic tendency to occur in episodes lasting seconds to a few tens of seconds. They do not significantly disrupt sleep organization. Shorter epileptic sleep seizure buildups have been recorded. The seizures are not easy to classify; perhaps they are closest to focal hyperkinetic seizures, without disturbance of consciousness. They are characterized by a change in facial expression, silent vocalization, rolling to the side and occasionally rolling the eyes and head to the left, vegetative signs (mydriasis, tachycardia), not very noticeable automatisms of both legs (as if the girl rubbed them together - this is what she recalls afterwards). Postictally without confusion or fatal disturbance. Most of the seizures had a characteristic EEG pattern with a preictal pattern of higher rhythmic discharges under the aforementioned electrodes Fp1, F3 and Fz, with a subsequent transition to rapid rhythmic activity with gradual development of amplitude and frequency, still clearly localized left frontally. This pattern is pathognomonic of focal cortical dysplasia type II in the aforementioned region. During the course of the seizure buy-in, several seizures with a different pattern emerged, starting without preictal rhythmic activity and dominating over the broader FCT region of the right hemisphere, with only a minor response on the left. However, the semiology of these seizures was not different from those with a convincing localization of the ictal F pattern to the left.