80-hour video/EEG monitoring of wakefulness and sleep with reduction of antiepileptic therapy. Baseline activity is within normal limits. Intermittent stretches of slow delta activity are evident in wakefulness over the wider CPT area. Epileptiform activity is evident in wakefulness in intermittent stretches, sometimes disappearing completely for prolonged periods - these are discharges again over the wider right hemisphere TPO area. Already at falling asleep and in the NREM phase, epileptiform activity increases, sometimes it is rhythmic, it is part of the slow activity over the right hemisphere, the discharges are with propagation over the wider area of the right hemisphere with a maximum of PT, where there are also phase reversals (P4, T4), intermittent sections of slow delta activity over P4 and T6. Two seizures were recorded - the first seizure was focal, with impaired consciousness, motor, with automatisms. Seizure starts with slow non-tonic deviation of head to the right, then subtle automatisms of LHK, says "it's nothing...", followed by automatisms of PHK, dystonic posturing of acro LHK, inadequate speech. Later the boy answers his mother's questions, not coherently but without fatal disturbance. Seizure duration is about 2 minutes. On the EEG, about 0.8 seconds before the clinical onset of the seizure, there is a braid of activity over the right hemisphere, and about 0.4 seconds before the onset of the seizure, there is a slow right electronegative F wave and a positive CPTO, followed by about 2 seconds of low amplitude and frequency activity, over the posterior region of the TPO. A slow rhythmic delta activity of 2 Hz develops over the left hemisphere in the second second after the onset of the seizure, with volume conduction also over the right hemisphere. Duration up to 10 seconds,, for the rest of the seizure predominance of slow delta activity over both hemispheres, in a mixture of beta and alpha activity. The second seizure was semiologically and electrically reversible as the first seizure for about 8 seconds, then transition to FBTCS.