80-hour video/EEG monitoring of wakefulness and sleep with temporary withdrawal of antiepileptic therapy. Baseline activity is within the broad limits of the age norm, organized and reactive, with a slight asymmetry of the occipital rhythm to the detriment of the left side, where there is a persistent (albeit subtle) admixture of slower waves. At the start of monitoring, the epileptiform activity in wakefulness is poor, consisting of isolated episodes of spikes with irregular repetition rate concomitant with slowing, which are localized TPO left, most under the el. T5 and O1, less so P3, always without generalization. Following antiepileptic discontinuation, the frequency of spikes increased, and there were isolated shorter irregular SW complexes with generalization, but with a noticeable initiation from the left, from the posterior quadrant. Another significant increase in epileptiform activity occurs during sleep. There are both numerous single spikes and rather long (minutes lasting) irregular episodes, most of them under el. T5, then O1, somewhat less P3, with underlying slow activity, all still without generalization. The organization of sleep stages is not significantly disrupted by epileptiform activity, physiological sleep transients are present. Semiologically uniform sleep seizures, according to the current classification, focal tonic seizures, with disturbance of consciousness, have been recorded. They are characterized by awakening, opening of the eyes, their gradual tonic curl to the right, followed by a longer course with a very slow tonic version of the head, concomitant with tachycardia, bland HKK automatisms and very late non-constant OAA. The girl has complete amnesia for the seizures. The ictal EEG patterns are uniform, consisting of prominent rhythmic patterns from the alpha band (around 8 Hz) preceded by a brief envelope, localized strictly regionally TPO left, consistent with the interictal findings under the el. T5, O1 and P3, with only minimal and mainly late spread to the surrounding regions, and contralaterally, clearly dominating during the course of the seizures under el. Postictally, slowing and episodes of discharges are present, sometimes with bizarre morphology over the left posterior quadrant.