32-hour video/EEG monitoring of wakefulness and sleep without reduction of antiepileptic therapy. On the left is an organized and reactive recording with age-appropriate occipital rhythm frequency, with imperfect organization to promote slow (not epileptiform) activity on the right. The recording over the right hemisphere is dominated by focal EEG status epilepticus with a clear peak below the el. O2, then persistently and below el. T6 and P10, with inconstant propagation to other regions of the right hemisphere, but practically not at all to the left. Sleep had partially preserved organization, but persistent epileptiform activity over the right posterior quadrant disrupted it. Frontally, symmetrical spindles appear. The character of the discharges is modified in sleep, polyspike complexes with a shape typical of dysplastic lesions appear. In NREM spread over the rest of the right hemisphere, in REM epileptiform activity focalizes under the el. O2. Very numerous seizures with predominance in sleep, focal motor seizures with impaired consciousness were observed. They are characterized by seizure, contact disorder with subsequent amnesia, tonic or clonic eye curl to the left followed by head version, vegetative changes even with fixed mydriasis, unintelligible ictal speech towards the end of the seizure, without limb spasms. The actual ictal EEG pattern is invariably preceded by rhythmic interictal epileptiform activity with higher voltages below the el. T6 and O2. This is followed by a striking amplitude flattening over the right posterior quadrant, from which a rapid rhythmic pattern emerges with a completely uniform recruitment pattern (gradual increment in amplitude and decrement in frequency) and localization: completely constant initially under el. O2. then T6, then P10 and only then propagation to other regions of the right hemisphere and finally to the left. Postictal deceleration over the whole right hemisphere, within about 2 min. return to interictal abnormality.