80-hour video/EEG monitoring of wakefulness and sleep with temporary reduction of antiepileptic therapy and ictal SPECT scanning. Baseline activity is not perfect, with borderline or slightly slower alpha rhythm frequency, imperfect areal organization, intermittent presence of slow FC waves in the midline with propagation more to the right, and most importantly, the presence of abnormal fast rhythmic activity from the beta band with a peak below the el. Fz again with more rightward propagation (below el. F4), which cannot be considered as e.g. pharmacogenic beta. Within and outside this abnormality, there are rather low-voltage sharp waves, spikes, but also polyspike and SW complexes in wakefulness, again with a clear FC maximum in the midline and to the right, in contrast to the described abnormal fast activity more dorsally, i.e. with a maximum below el. Cz and C4, always without generalization. Sleep had a basically preserved organization of stages in the EEG. Significantly increased frequency and amplitude of epileptiform activity still present with FC maxima in the midline and right, of the character of irregular SW complexes and polyspikes, still mostly without generalization, completely replacing physiological vertex waves. Numerous seizures from sleep were captured, which we classify as focal tonic, without reliable determination of the state of consciousness. Their semiology admits the localization of the epileptogenic zone frontally or fronto-centrally on the right (awakening, hunching, vocalization, rather milder tonic extensor spasm with left predominance alternated by uncoordinated movements or small twitches again with a maximum on the LHK, with vegetative symptoms /change of breathing stereotype, tachycardia/, unconstant eye contraction to the left, with duration up to a minute); seizures tend to cumulate in sleep. Ictal EEG patterns correlate well with interictal epileptiform abnormality: seizure starts with encircling and rapid rhythmic activity in the right frontal and midline (el. Fz and F4), continues with an already slower rhythmic FC pattern (max. el. Cz and C4), ends in slowing over the wider FCP region of the right hemisphere.