An 80-hour video/EEG monitoring of wakefulness and sleep was performed. Baseline activity is borderline due to age, consisting of 9 Hz occipital alpha activity. There are numerous, sometimes continuous, stretches of FIRTA during wakefulness, which often transitions into diffuse theta activity. In wakefulness, the epileptiform activity is composed of complex to generalized spikes followed by a slow wave, however, their onset is evident in the medial line (el. Pz, Cz) with spread to both hemispheres, sometimes slightly earlier to the right. There is also numerous epileptiform activity in NREM sleep - spikes below Pz with occasional volume conduction bilat. Apart from the above discharges, sleep has a normal organization, all sleep stages are present. A total of 18 conditions have been identified by the parents, two of which are non-seizure in nature - these are waking and normal movements from sleep. The other 4 waking states were only subj. labeled by the boy as a feeling of fear, both spontaneously and at the prompting of the mother. In 12 other attacks (mostly from sleep, once while falling asleep), other semiological manifestations of varying intensity were evident. Always present were gasps, vocalizations expressing fear (words "strrrrach", "rrrrr", etc.), frightened facial expressions, 1x up to the character "chapeau de genderme". In addition, hypermotoric and automotoric manifestations were present in varying intensity, with the most intense seizures involving the boy covering himself with a blanket and bipedal automatisms, some seizures involving only pelvic movements in hyperlordosis and tonic tension of the trunk. All without definite lateralization. There is often poor EEG findings at the time of seizures. However, one can often discern diffuse flattening of the recording in the first second of the recording, sometimes sporadic rapid low-voltage F activity on the right (day 1, 2nd seizure), or rhythmic alpha F activity on the right (day 1, 4th seizure). seizure), but usually the seizure follows a pattern of diffuse delta or theta activity, sometimes rhythmic, in only one seizure (day 3, 1 seizure) also rhythmic 12 Hz spikes in the subtemporal el. P9 and P10. From the above findings, I infer the localization of the epileptogenic zone in the depth of most probably the right hemisphere, more frontally and more mesially.