56-hour video/EEG monitoring of wakefulness and sleep with transient reduction of antiepileptic therapy. Baseline activity is slightly slower due to age, less well differentiated and limited reactivity. Diffusely, irregular slower waves appear, but the maximum slowing is below the el. Fp1 and F3. In wakefulness, epileptiform activity is considerably less conspicuous than in sleep, with low-voltage sharp waves and less frequently spikes appearing - singly or in a hint of shorter rhythmic episodes. Localization is left frontal - max. below the el. F3 and Fp1, less and Fz, only very minimally spreading to the surroundings. Sleep had preserved organization of stages in the EEG and the appearance of physiological transients, with no striking asymmetry. In NREM sleep there is an accentuation of epileptiform activity, which here has a typically rhythmic character in the form of pathognomonic episodes of sharp waves and spikes with repetition rates fluctuating between 1-2 Hz, sometimes with the presence of pathological fast activity. A clear maximum under el. F3, less Fp1, even less Fz, otherwise without evidence of generalization. Uniform short seizures with predominance from sleep, but also after waking, according to current classification focal autonomic, without disturbance of consciousness, were recorded. They are indicated by a nonspecific cephalic aura, objectively characterized by a change in facial expression with anxiety and "rolling" of the eyes, mydriasis, tachycardia, reaching out to the mother without other automatisms or motor manifestations, without fatal disturbance, amnesia or disturbance of consciousness. After 10-20 sec. they are terminated by a deep exhalation. The ictal EEG is characterized by a rhythmic preictal pattern under the el. Fp1 and F3 (alternating maxima) pathognomonic of FCD type II, followed by diffuse envelopment with sessile fast rhythmic activity - fastest and constant below el. F3, then Fp1, significantly less below Fz, i.e. locally in full agreement with interictal epileptiform activity. Also postictally there is a slowing down over the broader F sin. region.